# rock_paper_scissors

Rock Paper Scissors

------------------------------------------------------
Project: Rock Paper Scissors
Org/Course: The Odin Project
Related files: index.html, javascript.js, style.css, README.md
Date Started: July 12, 2022
Last Update: July 21, 2022
------------------------------------------------------

A brief synopsis on The Odin Project: For this project, The Odin Project gives basic instructions on what needs to be implemented but does not explain how. There is also a lot of area for flexibility in terms of style and specifics on how the program runs. The instructions to this project can be found at this link. https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/foundations-rock-paper-scissors.
I have attached a .txt file with my research and planning for the project.  

Basic Rock Paper Scissors game using Javascript, HTML, and CSS. 
First basic JS project. Meant to (at first) simply run the game completely on the console. Project updated with interactive buttons added through CSS and HTML.

Rock-paper-scissors game where the user plays against the computer. Concepts utilized include DOM manipulation, randomization using predefined Math functions, conditional statements, and functions. There was heavy use of DOM manipulation in this project To add the logic for getting the computer's randomized choice, I utilized the Math.random function to get a random index which corresponds to one of the options where Rock, paper, and scissors are stored in an array. 

The game was initially created with HTML and Javascript, focusing on the logic of gathering information from the user through the console and comparing it to the information generated by the computer. It was later updated to run interactively on the webpage rather than just the console.

Initially the game was made to run until either the user or the computer got to 5 wins. This logic was implemented at the stage where the program only ran on the console. After adding interactivity using HTML and CSS, I changed the logic of the game to run only 5 rounds.